---
Title: What's new in May 2026
Description: 
Date_created: 2026-05-01
---

## What's new on All About Berlin

### Insurance guide updates

I sat down with my insurance guy, and we improved some insurance guides. I have clarified the limitations of each insurance, and picked solid options for English-speaking immigrants.

Since 2025, I prefer curation to aggregation. I pick a winner instead of listing a dozen options. It can make my advice sound like a sales pitch, but but the recommendations are genuine and backed by independent experts.

The short version:

- **[Liability insurance](/guides/haftpflichtversicherung)**  
    The most important insurance after health insurance. Don't skip it. It's the only optional insurance I have, besides those included with my credit card.
- **[Legal insurance](/guides/legal-insurance)**  
    Optional, but good to have. Landlords and employers often take advantage of immigrants. Free legal advice is super useful. If push comes to shove, you can let your lawyer loose and not worry about the legal costs. Personally, I don't have it.

### ADHD update

I have rewritten my ADHD guide from the ground up. It has a clearer structure and a better list of resources.

## What I learned this month

### Trip cancellation insurance is great

I booked a trip to Italy at the end of March. A few days before leaving, I got sick. I have N26 Metal, which comes with travel insurance and *trip cancellation insurance*.

### Getting a sick note digitally

### Trip cancellation insurance

...